Updates to the TDA page (#4420)
DFE-Digital/get-into-teaching-app: app/views/content/train-to-be-a-teacher/teacher-degree-apprenticeships.md

    Explore life as a teacher : "/life-as-a-teacher"
    Train to teach if you do not have a degree : "/train-to-be-a-teacher/if-you-dont-have-a-degree"
    Age groups you could teach : "/life-as-a-teacher/age-groups-and-specialisms/age-groups-you-could-teach"

> external_content:

Reviewer: Is it worth making a new custom promo for TDAs and linking straight to the available courses?

Author: Good idea, shall add it to the list!

    title: teacher degree apprenticeships
    text: "You can normally only do a teacher degree apprenticeship (TDA) if you've been a resident in the UK for the last 3 years or more. There are some exceptions to this. For example, if you've applied to the Afghan or Ukraine resettlement schemes. Speak to providers for more information."
---
If you do not already have an undergraduate degree, you may be eligible to do a teacher degree apprenticeship (TDA). 

The TDA is a teacher training programme which offers a new route to become a qualified teacher. 

The teacher training providers confirmed so far offer [TDAs in secondary maths](https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/secondary-maths-teacher-degree-apprenticeship-funding-pilot-providers/providers-selected-to-deliver-the-teacher-degree-apprenticeship-tda-funding-pilot). TDAs in other subjects will be added throughout the year, up until Septemeber 2025, with training due to start in autumn 2025. 

> [View the latest teacher degree apprenticeship courses]( https://find-teacher-training-courses.service.gov.uk/results?age_group=secondary&applications_open=true&can_sponsor_visa=false&has_vacancies=true&l=2&university_degree_status=false&visa_status=false).

Reviewer 2: Why `latest`? This implies the ones added a while ago won't be shown!

Would it be better to say something like 'View all teacher degree apprenticeship courses currently available` or similar?

> If you cannot see the subject you want to train in, contact the initial teacher training engagement team at ITT.engagement@education.gov.uk.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you cannot see a course for the subject you want to train in, contact the initial teacher training engagement team at ITT.engagement@education.gov.uk.
```

Reviewer 2: Also - should we set some expectations about what they can do (would need to talk to the team!). It sounds like if I email them, they will create a course for me!

    title: teacher degree apprenticeships
    text: "You can normally only do a teacher degree apprenticeship (TDA) if you've been a resident in the UK for the last 3 years or more. There are some exceptions to this. For example, if you've applied to the Afghan or Ukraine resettlement schemes. Speak to providers for more information."
---
If you do not already have an undergraduate degree, you may be eligible to do a teacher degree apprenticeship (TDA). 

The TDA is a teacher training programme which offers a new route to become a qualified teacher. 

> The [teacher training providers confirmed so far offer TDAs in secondary maths](https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/secondary-maths-teacher-degree-apprenticeship-funding-pilot-providers/providers-selected-to-deliver-the-teacher-degree-apprenticeship-tda-funding-pilot). TDAs in other subjects will be added throughout the year, up until September 2025, with training due to start in autumn 2025. 

Reviewer: Does all training start in autumn 2025, or are there January intakes?

> [View the teacher degree apprenticeship courses currently available]( https://find-teacher-training-courses.service.gov.uk/results?age_group=secondary&applications_open=true&can_sponsor_visa=false&has_vacancies=true&l=2&university_degree_status=false&visa_status=false).

Reviewer: Could this be shortened to TDA? We use TDA in the link above so it threw me off slightly that we go from acronym back to full title?

Reviewer 2: I think this is probably better in full - TDA is very much internal language at present

> If you cannot see a course for the subject you want to train in, contact the initial teacher training engagement team at ITT.engagement@education.gov.uk.

Reviewer 2: I'm not really sure from this what contacting them is going to do - are they going to spin up a new course (no!)? Are they going to register my interest and let me know when future courses are available? Are they going to tell me if there is likely to be a course in my subject this year?

Author: Totally agree with you, I asked the policy team what they're going to do with the enquiries, but they said they just want to monitor it and see how it goes. Might get back to them and ask if there's anything else we can put in there to let users know what the email is for.

Reviewer 2: As discussed, needs to be flagged to @GayeCord before we include this!

Author: Removing this from this PR and adding at a later date one TDA team have caught up with Gaye

> If you cannot see a course for the subject you want to train in, contact the initial teacher training engagement team at ITT.engagement@education.gov.uk.

Author: ```suggestion
```

$teacher-degree-apprenticeships$

## How do teacher degree apprenticeships work?
During a teacher degree apprenticeship you’ll work in a school and earn a salary while getting a bachelor’s degree and [qualified teacher status (QTS)](/train-to-be-a-teacher/what-is-qts).
 

> The teaching apprenticeship is a 4-year, full-time course that lets you train as a teacher with an accredited teacher training provider. Trainee teachers will spend an average of 40% of their time (2 days a week) studying for their degree with a university.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The teacher degree apprenticeship is a 4-year, full-time course that lets you train as a teacher with an accredited teacher training provider. Trainee teachers will spend an average of 40% of their time (2 days a week) studying for their degree with a university.
```
Worth clarifying in case it's confused with postgrad apprenticeship?

Author: This is an SEO one so will leave it in, good spot tho!

> The teaching apprenticeship is a 4-year, full-time course that lets you train as a teacher with an accredited teacher training provider. Trainee teachers will spend an average of 40% of their time (two days a week) studying for their degree with a university.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The teaching apprenticeship is a 4-year, full-time course that lets you train as a teacher with an accredited teacher training provider. Trainee teachers will spend an average of 40% of their time (2 days a week) studying for their degree with a university.
```

You do not have to pay tuition fees, but you will not be eligible for student finance. 

## Who’s eligible to apply for a teacher degree apprenticeship?

> Teacher degree apprenticeships are open for candidates to gain a degree and become a qualified teacher. This includes, but is not limited to, teaching assistants, school leavers or people looking to change careers.

Reviewer 2: We hardly ever refer to someone as a `candidate` on GIT - do we need to here? Is it a bit confusing?

Author: Originally it said 'anyone' but then policy asked for it to be changed to 'candidate', shall see if we can change it back

> Teacher degree apprenticeships are open for candidates to gain a degree and become a qualified teacher. This includes, but is not limited to, teaching assistants, school leavers or people looking to change careers.

Author: ```suggestion
Teacher degree apprenticeships are open for individuals to gain a degree and become a qualified teacher. This includes, but is not limited to, teaching assistants, school leavers or people looking to change careers.
```

> Teacher degree apprenticeships are open to anyone who would like to gain a degree and become a qualified teacher. This includes, but is not limited to, teaching assistants, school leavers or people looking to change careers.

Author: ```suggestion
Teacher degree apprenticeships are open for candidates to gain a degree and become a qualified teacher. This includes, but is not limited to, teaching assistants, school leavers or people looking to change careers.
```
